feat: restructure and update `making-your-own` (#99)
ublue-os/website: docs/making-your-own.md

# Making your Own

## Should I use [`ublue-os/main`](https://github.com/ublue-os/main) or [`ublue-os/startingpoint`](https://github.com/ublue-os/startingpoint)?

The instructions below recommend `startingpoint` because it is:  

- Intended for modification and to be a simple template

> - Better for people making images for personal usage that only build one version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is more suitable for personal usage that only builds one version
```

Author: Sorry for linguistic squabble, but I think my version is better because it's not the `personal usage` that `builds`, it's the repo that builds.
Maybe remove the reference to building one version, as startingpoint actually supports that now. I'm off the pc for today so I can't edit.

- Has an easier to edit configuration format, YAML, which also supports comments and inline documentation

> Making a custom image using `main` instead would be better if you intend on having multiple versions (such as a version with GNOME and another with KDE), but its modification is a bit more involved and if you want to leverage the images already built at `ublue-os/main` or `ublue-os/nvidia` you have to modify the `build.yml`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Making a custom image using `main` instead would be better if you intend on having multiple versions (such as a version with GNOME and another with KDE), but modification is more involved and if you want to leverage the images already built at `ublue-os/main` or `ublue-os/nvidia` you have to modify the `build.yml`.  
```

1. [Optional] Install the [Semantic PRs](https://github.com/marketplace/semantic-prs) GitHub app if you want nice changelogs

### Set up container signing

Container signing is important for end-user security and is enabled on all uBlue images. It is highly recommended you set this up, and by default the image builds *will fail* if you don't.

This part is important, users must have a method of verifying the image. The Linux desktop must not lag behind in cloud when it comes to supply chain security, so we're starting right from the start! (Seriously don't skip this part) 

!!! warning

    Be careful to *never* accidentally commit `cosign.key` into your git repo.

1. Generate a key pair
    1. Install the [cosign CLI tool](https://edu.chainguard.dev/open-source/sigstore/cosign/how-to-install-cosign/)
    1. Run `cosign generate-key-pair` inside your repo folder
        - Do NOT put in a password when it asks you to, just press enter. The signing key will be used in GitHub Actions and will not work if it is encrypted. 
    1. Add the private key to GitHub

>         - You can do this easily if you have the `github-cli` installed by running `gh secret set SIGNING_SECRET < cosign.key`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If you have the `github-cli` installed by running `gh secret set SIGNING_SECRET < cosign.key`
```

Author: Addressed in [ff70345](https://github.com/ublue-os/website/pull/99/commits/ff703452ff40b68af8fbd69a01988d296a7e20d9) with minor changes.
